How is Qingfeng reasonable?
You, you work so hard
Who are you?
How dare you send the congratulatory gift from the Tang Group
Lock up first
Yes no
I put Miss Tang in my eyes
You boy I let you know
Defiant escape
Who doesn't want to escape?
Brother is for me
You are impulsive because of you
I didn't do it with the queen outside
Our previous lives, previous lives, previous lives.
contrived
Wait to die
Elf, take revenge on the Tang Corporation
Make excuses for your unfaithfulness, filial piety, and injustice
If your Tang Group can tolerate this kind of behavior
But your Tang Group is also a nest of snake hands
Can't be great
Pardon me?
Tell me again if the box is capable.
Watch out. You can't escape. You can't escape.
Do you think you will die soon?
Don't rush to carry the mountain
I'll be there in a while
Is your death
Our lady will come to sign before letting me leave the wedding reception